chore: add how to customize extractors (#53)
Developmint/nuxt-purgecss: README.md

}
```

### Use custom extractors

> Each extention can be applied just one exractor.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only one extractor can be applied to each file extention. 
```

> If you apply a custom extractor to the extentions applied default extractor already, you have to override the default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to apply a custom extractor to the extensions that the default extractor already covers, you have to override the default extractor. This is only possible with the functional notation.
```

```js
//nuxt.config.js
export default {
  modules: [
    'nuxt-purgecss',
  ],

  purgeCSS: {
    extractors: () => [
      {
        extractor: CustomExtractor,
        extensions: ['html', 'vue', 'js']
      },
      {

>         extractor: CustomVueExtractor, // This cannot work, because above extractor is applied to 'vue' already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        extractor: CustomVueExtractor, // This will not work, because the above extractor is applied to 'vue' already.
```
